[Music]
this year's International women's day
March in New York began with a mix of
entertainment and speeches the Secretary
General of the United Nations bimon says
the International Community should
intensify efforts at empowering women
I'm asking all the women must be at the
front and center of our
work when we are working for peace when
we are promoting
development that who will have to do
this is us human being the March
witnessed a light turnout of people from
across the world many Marching for
different reasons today I'm standing and
Marching for my mother who was a woman
who believed in peace and she was a
woman who changed the world by her work
she was a principal of a Elementary
School in Guyana South America and so
was my father the United Nations also
hope to use this year's event to
highlight the Beijing declaration and
platform for Action a road map that set
the agenda for realizing women's rights
about 20 years
ago the theme for this year's event
empowering women empowering Humanity
picture it also inspired some men who
joined in
advocating men also need to come
together to begin to speak and advocate
for women's right that this that that
women are abused that women's rights are
violated um means that our sisters our
mothers our daughters are the one
affected though the international
women's day marked on March 8th every
year is only for a day the month of
March is marked as women's
month Kingsley Amayo channels television
news New York